[VIVI laughs]
[laughs]
[gasps]
[VIVI]
Koza! Hi, Toto!
[KOZA laughs]
[KOZA]
Vivi!
[laughs]
That was too close!
[VIVI]
Pell, got a question.
[PELL]
Yes?
[VIVI]
Why do you always practice
your fighting every day?
[PELL]
Because I am a guard.
I wouldn't be very good
at protecting this kingdom
if I wasn't strong
enough to fight.
[VIVI] Yeah, but do you even
know who you're gonna fight?
[PELL]
No, I don't.
But it's less about fighting
and more about protecting.
[VIVI]
And those things are different?
[PELL]
Well, they have different goals.
Oh. That's weird.
[VIVI]
Papa, I'll be there soon.
Don't be fooled.
He's no hero of our kingdom!
He's trying to take over
all of Alabasta! Please!
[VIVI] You can't make
any rash decisions!
[LUFFY screaming]
[gasps] Huh? What's that?
I... uh...
Huh?
[KAROO squawking]
[LUFFY]
We caught ourselves a man lady!
[VIVI] What are you doing
to Karoo, you creeps?!
We were out of bait.
[VIVI]
Only because you ate all of it!
Yeah. So what?
Thank you. Thank you so much.
Having my life saved by
pirates I've never met
is so adventurous.
I'll remember it for the
remainder of my days.
You got caught all by yourself.
What were you doing out here?
I'm afraid it's a long story.
Never mind.
Oh, aren't you the
cutest little thing?
You're my type to a tee.
[VIVI]
What a freak.
[BON CLAY]
I have to say,
I could've sworn
I saw death take me
as I fell into the ocean.
Whaddaya mean?
You can't swim?
[BON CLAY] Correct! I sink
like a bag of hammers.
So, you've eaten a Devil Fruit.
[BON CLAY]
Also correct.
I've indulged in Devil Fruits
of the rarest kind!
[laughs]
[STRAW HATS]
Eh.
[BON CLAY] What's the matter?
You don't look very impressed.
Yeah, it's not such
a rare thing.
Keep flapping those pretty lips.
You don't have a clue as
to what my powers are.
This crew's seen more
than you'd think.
Nothing surprises us anymore.
Well then, to say
thanks to you all,
I'd like to put on
a little show.
Yeah! I love clowns.
[LUFFY screams]
Enough! Uh!
[USOPP gasps]
No.
Hey! What's the big idea?!
Whoa. Easy. Sheesh!
I told you there'd
be a show, didn't I?
Uh.
[BON CLAY laughs]
See what I can do?
You're me!
A dead ringer! You like?! Ha-ha!
This is the magnificent power
of the Clone Clone Fruit I ate!
[LUFFY gasps]
[BON CLAY] And with a
tap of my left hand...
Ta-dah! Back to me!
He changed his voice.
And his body.
[BON CLAY]
But seriously...
To be honest, the punching part
is completely unnecessary.
It's more for my enjoyment.
Uh. No touchy.
Oh, fine. And now...
With my right hand...
...I can impersonate
anyone... Ha-ha!
...simply by touching my face.
Have I impressed you all yet?
Of course, I can impersonate
from head to toe.
[GUYS gasp]
--Cut it out!
--[SANJI] Ow! My eye! That hurt!
You are awesome!
Awesome!
[BON CLAY]
Wait! There's more!
I have a save feature!
[LUFFY, USOPP, CHOPPER laugh]
I never...
...will forget...
...any face...
...that I've touched...
...in the...
...past.
[gasps]
[BON CLAY] What do y'all think
of my little parlor tricks?
[LUFFY, CHOPPER, USOPP]
They're wonderful!
[LUFFY, CHOPPER, USOPP, BON
CLAY] It's too good to be true!
[NAMI]
You're such idiots.
Hm?
Hey, is that your ship
headed toward us?
[BON CLAY] Oh, the time
for our goodbyes has come.
[LUFFY, CHOPPER, USOPP]
Aww...
[BON CLAY]
Alas, fret not.
Greetings and partings
go hand in hand.
But I want to leave you
with one thought:
That which is known
as friendship
is weighed on the
quality of time spent,
not the quantity.
[LUFFY, CHOPPER, USOPP]
We'll see ya later!
[BON CLAY]
All right, men. Let's go!
[CREW]
Aye!
[CREW CHIEF]
Yes, sir, Bon Clay!
[VIVI gasps]
Bon Clay?
What's wrong?
He's one of Crocodile's men.
Hold on, why didn't
you recognize him?
[VIVI] Because I'd
never met him before.
My father's face was
one of the saved ones.
Second from the end. But...
...why does he have
my father's face?
[ZORO]
It's just a thought,
but if that guy were to step
into the king's shoes,
things could get really
messy really fast.
Was the Dance Powder his doing?
Powder, what?
[NAMI] It's a powder that
artificially produces rain.
The World Government has
long forbid its production
or its possession by anyone.
If the stuff's so
useful, why ban it?
It causes problems.
Dance Powder is used to
artificially form clouds
that quickly absorb all
the moisture in the air,
and rain whenever needed.
The problem exists because
this process, in effect,
"steals" the rain
from nearby areas,
which has resulted in many
quarrels between nations.
Makes sense that
the World Governement
would have it outlawed.
[VIVI] Two years ago, enormous
amounts of Dance Powder
were carried into Alabasta's
port town of Nanohana.
It was during this same time
that an unusual weather
pattern moved in.
Rain fell nowhere in
the kingdom but Alubarna,
where the king lives.
Naturally the supicion
would fall on the king.
Everyone would think he
used the Dance Powder
to hog all the rain for himself.
Wait! Vivi, this would mean
that your dad's a bad guy!
What?! You moron!
He was framed!
Vivi's father would never
do anything like that.
Never... ever... never...
[VIVI]
Sanji's right.
My father is a good man and
he's innocent of this crime.
But the citizens
swore up and down
that they saw him greeting
ships at the port.
They all saw who
knows how many tons
of Dance Powder hauled
into the palace.
It's as clear as
the sky overhead.
[USOPP] I got it!
The guy with the lipstick
must've transformed
into the king.
I can't believe we let such
a bad guy get away from us.
[VIVI] This has all been a
trap laid out by Crocodile,
the organization's big boss.
And the rebellion hit
just like he planned.
I see.
This joker's plan is to make
the royal army clash
with the rebels
and then take control after
both sides have weakened.
And he's using the guise
of the kingdom's hero.
Crocodile's stolen everything--
the royal family's
reputation, the rain,
and even people's very lives.
He's tearing us apart!
[PEOPLE cheering]
[chuckles]
[PEOPLE]
Crocodile! Crocodile! Crocodile!
[MAN B]
The guardian angel of Alabasta!
[MAN C]
King of the Desert!
[laughs]
Ah. Enough, foolish peasants.
How can we not sing
your praises?!
You're saving our lives
almost every day!
Thank you!
[CROCODILE laughs]
[CROCODILE] Fine.
Then call me whatever you like.
A visitor, sire.
Crocodile is here to see you.
[CROCODILE]
Mr. Cobra.
A gift, for you.
I am in your debt.
[CROCODILE chuckles]
Not a problem.
The royal army fights rebels
and I fight pirates.
Well, I'll leave the disposal
of this scum up to you.
Which reminds me.
I'm hearing rumors that the
rebel army is up to something.
How do you plan to handle that?
I won't attack them.
Simply because a kingdom is
nothing without its people.
Right.
[laughing]
[CROCODILE]
I'll see you again soon.
[ZORO] It just seems
like we needed some way
to tell each other apart.
[NAMI]
This'll work.
Now we know who
our friends are.
As long as nobody takes
off their armband.
And you put contingency
marks underneath.
When did Zoro get this smart?
Are we sure he's not that
cross-dressing freak?
Don't make me kill you!
Nope, that's Zoro.
Yeah, it is.
[LUFFY]
All right!
Now if anything happens
from here on out,
just show your left
arm to everyone.
[OTHERS]
Right!
[LUFFY] This is the symbol
of our friendship!
Time to head ashore!
To Alabasta!
[OTHERS]
Yeah!
[VIVI]
Papa. I promise you...
I will stop the rebel army.
[LUFFY]
Ugh. My throat's so dry.
[SANJI]
It's your own stupid fault
those warusagi birds stole
all of our food and water,
thank you very much.
[VIVI]
Just try to bear it.
We'll be at the rebels' base
in Yuba soon enough.
[USOPP]
I don't know. You sure?
They might just decide
to blow their tops
and take it out on us.
[VIVI]
Stop worrying.
I have ways of pursuading them.
[ZORO]
Well, this is bad.
Water! Water!
It's been swallowed
by the sand.
Wasn't this place
supposed to be an oasis?
[VIVI] Everything is different
than it was before.
[gasps]
Somebody's here.
[USOPP]
Wait, are you serious?
[MAN]
Are you travelers?
You must be exhausted from all
the time spent in that heat.
Sorry... but... this town
is a bit dried up, too.
I thought... Uh.
We heard that the rebel
army was in this town.
[grunts]
[MAN]
Curse you!
Please don't tell me you've
come here with the intention
of joining the rebellion.
Because they no longer
reside in this town.
Uh! No.
[LUFFY]
What's wrong, Vivi?
[MAN]
Hm? Did he just call you "Vivi"?
I know what you're thinking.
She's definitely not a princess.
[ZORO, SANJI]
Shut up!
[MAN]
Vivi, is that really you?
I can't believe it!
You're alive!
It's me, Vivi.
Don't you recognize me?!
[VIVI]
Toto?
[TOTO]
That's right!
But you... you look so thin.
Oh, now don't you go
worrying about that.
And for what it's worth,
I have absolute faith
in you and His Majesty.
He's a good man and a leader
who would never
betray his kingdom.
We are all counting on you.
When I'm done, Yuba will
be a lush and green city
that you can be proud of.
[KOZA] We're gonna
make an awesome city
and make this kingdom
even wetter!
I'll se ya, Vivi.
Don't you ever forget your pride
as vice leader of
the Sand-Sand Clan,
and go be a great princess.
Right, leader. I'll do my best.
See ya!
[TOTO]
This rebellion is ridiculous.
I tried to stop them
countless times,
but ultimately, they were fooled
into leaving for Nanohana
by false rumors of a
royal army invasion.
[VIVI] The royal army
is invading Nanohana?
Wait, when did this happen?
Only five hours ago.
[gasps]
[PEOPLE screaming]
[REBELS gasp]
We're too late.
This is horrifying.
[REBEL C] And where did
the royal army go?
Because we certainly didn't run
into them on the way here.
[KOZA] There's no time
to debate anything.
We've got to rescue
everyone in town!
Move in a calm fashion!
Please, no pushing!
Move against the wind!
To the western side of town!
[REBEL D] Hold on, mister.
You're gonna be all right.
[REBEL E]
You can do it.
The king... said torch
the town... no matter what.
Now keep calm.
Tell me what's wrong.
Talk to me, kid.
They even went
after the children.
Damn Cobra. This is
a new low for him.
At this point all we can do is
wait for the fall of Alabasta.
Koza?
[KOZA]
Contact all of our factions.
But, sir, does this mean--?
Yeah, that's right.
We're ending this.
The Alabasta of
old is no longer!
And the final battle is at hand!
It's time we capture Alubarna!
[REBEL cheering]
[CROCODILE]
Step one of Operation Utopia
appears to have worked well.
Although I hadn't counted
on the princess showing up
with Straw Hat Luffy
and his crew.
But that's not a major
cause for concern.
All this means is that
we need to keep Koza--
the leader of the rebels--
from coming into contact
with his childhood friend,
Princess Vivi.
And now we move on to step two.
Good luck in battle.
[CROCODILE]
Very soon...
...tomorrow even, the Alabasta
kingdom will destroy itself.
Then it will be reborn
as our personal utopia.
And with Pluton in our hands,
we'll be a military state
with the world's most
powerful weapon.
[TOTO] Koza and his men
are at their limit.
Their backs are against the wall
and they're all prepared to die.
You have to help. I'm begging
you. Please, stop them.
[VIVI] You don't have to
worry about a thing, Toto.
I'm going to stop this
rebellion, wait and see.
Vivi.
[USOPP]
Hmm.
[VIVI]
I'm so happy to see you, Toto,
but we have to be going now.
[TOTO] Please take this
with you for your journey.
[LUFFY]
Whoa, water!
The land is bone dry out here.
Where'd you squeeze
that stuff from?
[TOTO]
The water here won't vanish
just because of some lousy sand.
This is genuine Yuba water.
It's the first I've collected
in well over a week.
[LUFFY]
Wow, thanks.
I'll drink it extra carefully.
Bye now, dried up old guy!
[grunts]
[USOPP]
Hm?
Hey, is there
something wrong, Luffy?
[LUFFY]
Hmm...
[VIVI]
Luffy?
[LUFFY]
I quit.
[OTHERS]
Huh?!
[VIVI]
What do you mean you quit?!
We've got a lot to do,
and it's hot,
there's no time for your crap.
We're gonna stop the rebellion.
Obviously.
[LUFFY]
Which is boring.
Wait, it's what?
Vivi.
Listen, I wanna kick
Crocodile's ass, okay?
If we get the people
to stop the rebellion,
do you think that's gonna
stop Crocodile at all?
[VIVI]
I don't understand--
Yeah, well, it's an
interesting point.
Even though it's Luffy.
Vivi, you're hoping that we can
get outta this with
no one dying, right?
Not one of us. And not
one of the citizens.
You're living in a dream world.
Oh, is that so? Tell me,
do you think I'm wrong?
Where's the problem in not
wanting people to die
because I don't see it?!
Death happens.
Shut your mouth!
You say that one more time
and they'll be the
last words you speak!
The rebel and royal armies
and all people of this kingdom
are innocent of wrongdoing!
So why do any of
them have to die?!
[LUFFY]
If no one needs to die,
then why are you out here
risking your life?!
--That's over the line!
--Luffy, stop!
[LUFFY]
Just one look at this kingdom
and even we can tell.
Tell what?
[LUFFY]
What needs to be done most.
As if putting only
your life on the line
would be enough out here.
Then why don't you tell me
what I should be
putting on the line?
I don't have anything
else to sacrifice!
I don't know anything
more valuable
than the life of some
stupid princess!
[LUFFY] You put all of our
lives on the line, together.
We're friends, right?!
We're here to help you!
Hey, whoa.
You can cry. Sorry.
Look, I know you wanna
beat this Crocodile guy,
maybe even more than I do...
...but remember,
you're not alone.
We're in this together.
[LUFFY]
Now...
...tell me where Crocodile is.
[PELL]
What do you mean the royal army
burned down Nanohana?
No one gave any such order!
[CHAKA]
Maybe it's a ploy by the rebels.
[COBRA] Gather all of
our forces at once!
Chaka, assemble the officers.
I'll be holding a war
meeting shortly.
Pell, I want you to fly off
and monitor the
enemy's movement.
The time has come for all of
us to engage the rebel army.
It'll be a fight to the death.
Well, move it!
[BON CLAY] And now that everyone
is nice and confused,
this part of the operation
has reached its completion.
[laughing]
[LUFFY]
This sucker's fast!
Eyelash says he was
born in these parts,
so he has tons of friends
that can help us out.
Oh, thanks, Eyelash.
[NAMI chuckles nervously]
[VIVI]
Luffy?
Thanks for this.
I don't think it's a decision
that I ever could've
made all by myself.
[LUFFY]
You wanna thank me?
How 'bout you line
up a nice buffet
for me to gorge on
when we're done?
[chuckles]
Crocodile, I'm coming!
You hear me?!
I'm coming for you!
[USOPP]
What's going on?
[VIVI screams]
Stop, Chopper!
[CHOPPER]
'Kay!
[LUFFY]
Vivi!
[CROCODILE laughs]
You called my name,
Straw Hat Luffy?
[yells]
Wow!
Take that, Crocodile!
Now, that's not nice.
Vivi, what are you doing here?
Pell, it's you!
[chuckles]
Damn you.
Seis Fleurs.
And clutch.
Pell!
Turns out not even
the greatest warrior
in the kingdom
is anything special.
So who's that? Anyone?
[CROCODILE]
This is all so pointless.
Considering that the party
has already begun.
Wouldn't you agree with me,
Miss All Sunday?
I would.
Oh, no.
To Alubarna!
[REBELS yelling]
[CROCODILE] Using the weapons
from the armory ships
that I sent into Nanohana,
the rebel army has launched
an all-out attack.
And the royal army intends to
fight back with furious resolve.
We will protect Alabasta!
[CROCODILE] It's hearbreaking,
but almost poetic.
The love for the kingdom will be
what destroys the kingdom.
[CROCODILE laughs]
[VIVI]
There's still time.
If I can just get to the palace
in Alubarna before the rebels,
I might be able to stop
this war before it begins.
He's evil.
He embodies the word fiend
like no one else I've ever met.
Uh. Where's Luffy?
[LUFFY yells]
[coughs]
[LUFFY]
Zoro!
[VIVI screams]
You guys go on without me!
I can handle this loser myself.
Is that so?
Get going!
Chopper, step on it!
[CROCODILE] Do you really think
I'll let you go that easily?
You're dealing
with me, Crocodile!
You brat.
They actually escaped.
[VIVI]
Luffy.
[NAMI]
He'll be fine, Vivi.
No one who's ever faced
Luffy has walked away
without some serious
bodily damage.
[ZORO]
Trust us, Vivi.
He'll handle Crocodile
with no problems.
Gum-Gum... Pistol!
[gasps]
[ZORO] I know he'll be
on the winning side.
The second those rebels decide
to begin their charge,
this whole kingdom is done for.
So if you are the one hope there
is of helping these people,
then you have to stay alive.
[LUFFY]
Gatling!
As long as you're alive,
our fates don't matter.
I hope that you understand that.
[LUFFY]
Bazooka!
Yeah, ol' kelphead's right.
You can't think like you're
fightin' by yourself anymore.
Don't worry, Vi-Vi-Vivi.
I'm right here with you.
We can do this!
[VIVI]
Luffy.
[VIVI] I'll be waiting
for you in Alubarna.
This isn't good.
I can't hit him at all.
He's too sandy!
[CROCODILE]
You and I are pirates
of different levels, Straw Hat.
But now, this game's over.
Desert Spada!
[gasps]
The ground's splitting open!
You're so observant.
Now, Desert Girasole!
[LUFFY]
Ah! What's going on here?!
Never heard of quicksand?
It's the desert coffin that
doesn't require a headstone.
You'll be dragged down into
an underground water vein.
An awful way to die.
No one can best me.
I refuse to be buried
alive in sand!
Gum-Gum Bazooka!
Gum-Gum...
...Stamp!
Useless.
Barhan!
[screams]
My leg turned into a mummy!
[CROCODILE]
Because it's sand.
It sucked the moisture
right out of you.
What?! Aw, you gotta
be kiddin' me!
I know!
Hah! It worked!
What rubbish.
Yeah, well, it made
my leg better!
This is the precious water
that old wrinkly guy
had to dig outta the
ground back in Yuba.
He said this water can't
be beaten by Yuba's sand,
no matter how deep
it gets out here!
[CROCODILE] What exactly
do you take me for, kid?
There are countless rookies like
you here on the Grand Line.
And they're all talk,
Straw Hat Luffy.
So you see, you're
nothing special.
Huh?
[CROCODILE yells]
He's alive.
How did that happen?
[CROCODILE] That doesn't
look very comfortable,
but you'll be out of
your misery soon.
Hah! What a waste of time.
I want you to inform
all of the agents
that Princess Vivi is
headed for Aluburna.
Understood.
[MISS ALL SUNDAY]
Why do you people
with the letter "D"
in your names fight?
[USOPP] Vivi, how much
further do we have to go
before we reach the palace?
I'd say about 50 kilometers.
That far?!
[USOPP]
We'll never make it in time!
Can't you speed up at
all, Scissors? Come on!
Oh, yeah! Scissors has
a thing for dancer girls.
[BOTH gasp]
[NAMI]
How's this?
[CHOPPER]
I think that did it.
[USOPP yells, laughs]
[USOPP]
That sped him up! Pervert power!
[SANJI]
Nami, my dear! Nami, my sweet!
[ZORO] Great, now we've got
two brain dead tag alongs.
Wow, at this speed,
we might have a chance.
But no matter what,
we can't let our guard down.
Yeah.
What do you mean
the king's vanished?
Sir, we searched every
square inch of the palace,
but he's nowhere.
[SOLDIER C] Also, the rebel
army has been spotted
about 20 kilometers
to the south.
Do not let them inside.
And defend all the
gates to the death!
[SOLDIERS]
Yes, sir!
[MISS NEW YEAR'S EVE] If they're
coming at us from Yuba,
then as long as we watch
the western gate,
we won't miss them.
I bet the rebel army's
goin' get here first.
Are they really trying
to stop us? Honestly!
[MR. 4] Here... they... are...
It... looks... like...
Would you spit it out already,
you rotund wreck of an idiot?!
Ow, my back!
A Crab Mover.
Ah. And six people on top.
[MR. 1] It doesn't matter
if there's a thousand--
our only target is Vivi.
Only her, huh? Okay then.
Take a wild guess at
which one of 'em is her!
[BON CLAY] Ah! They're all
wearing the exact same coats!
It's too confusing!
There! You guys leave those
two to us. Let's go, Mr. 4.
[MR. 4]
Yeah...!
Now the rest of 'em split up!
They're trying to make it inside
in separate teams.
[MR. 1]
Let's go.
Then I'll just wait here!
Un... Deux...
[BON CLAY screams]
You're not gonna run
away from me, crabby!
I'll get you, crabby,
if it's the last thing I do.
[VIVI]
Thank you, everyone.
[SANJI]
You think we've gone far enough?
[NAMI]
Your instincts are good.
Because I am Princess Vivi!
[ZORO] I thought I was
supposed to be-- I mean.
Ahem. I'm the real Vivi.
[USOPP] Heh! You've done
well to follow us this far.
[NAMI] Now to reveal
our true identities.
[STRAW HATS]
You're all chasing decoys!
Then maybe you could tell us--
Where'd Princess Vivi go?!
You're dead!
[BON CLAY yells]
[USOPP]
Ah! I'm sorry! Don't hurt me!
[VIVI] The rebel army
is out there, waiting.
[VIVI] Leader. You have
to listen to me.
All squadrons break
through the southern gate!
Then bring down all the
gates from the inside!
Prepare for battle!
[REBELS yelling]
Rebels! Please listen!
[VIVI]
This war is a sham! It's a trap!
What's happening?!
I can't see a thing!
It came from back there!
Why is the royal army
firing on them?
You fool, I never gave
the order to attack!
Sir! My hand slipped.
I'm nervous. Please, forgive me.
[CHAKA] Do not act
without direct orders!
[REBEL H]
Just ride through!
[REBEL C]
Yeah, it's only a dust cloud!
No! Stop it! You can't!
[REBEL B]
This is for our kingdom!
The king must pay!
Leader!
[gasps]
[KOZA]
It couldn't have been her.
[gasps]
Leader!
[VIVI yells]
Chaka! Give the order!
Fire the cannons!
Fire! Don't let them
in the gates!
[REBEL A]
Don't falter! Capture Alubarna!
[SOLDIER I]
Reinforce the southern gate!
Tighten the defenses!
Karoo. No...
Karoo... You saved my life...
I'm sorry, my friend.
We tried so hard, but the
revolt has begun anyway.
I can still stop it.
I learned something
on board that ship.
No matter how often you fall,
you never give up!
[quacks]
[CHOPPER]
Usopp!
[ZORO]
Three-swords style...
...Bull Needles!
[MISS NEW YEAR'S EVE]
Stinger...
...Step!
[SANJI] I'm not gonna get
anywhere at this rate!
[BON CLAY]
All right, that's it!
I'm ready! Come on!
Go ahead, make your move.
Are you sure
you'll be all right?
[KAROO quacks]
[VIVI] Okay, but don't
push yourself too hard.
[BOTH yell]
[VIVI] There's no way I can find
Koza in all this fighting.
At least the battle's
contained in this area.
Karoo, let's fly to the
palace and see Chaka!
[KAROO quacks]
[gunshot]
Karoo, no!
Karoo.
[quacks]
[VIVI]
I know.
[KAROO quacks]
[gasps]
[VIVI]
It's you guys!
Look after Karoo!
[DUCKS quack]
[MISS GROUNDHOG DAY]
Ah! You mongrol idiot!
You really wanna know what
happened to your captain?
Well, I'll tell you!
He's never gonna be
King of the Pirates
now that our boss
has killed him!
And honestly,
I'm glad he's dead.
The moron got what he deserved!
Now, Long Nose, it's your turn.
Hear me, Chopper?!
'Cause there comes a time--
[USOPP yelling]
Get ready for the Four Ton Bat!
Here goes! Mole Town...
[MISS GROUNDHOG DAY]
...Cleanup Hitter!
Usopp!
[CHOPPER]
Damn you bastards!
[growling]
[USOPP] There comes a time
in every man's life
when he can't run from a fight,
no matter who it's against.
No way.
[USOPP] This time, it's when
your friends' dreams...
...are laughed at.
Luffy isn't dead.
You can't stop him.
I know he'll be King of
the Pirates someday.
And I will never let
that be made fun of!
Let's go again. Batter up!
I don't think so!
Chopper! Get behind
me right now!
[CHOPPER]
You got it!
Try this on for size.
[MISS GROUNDHOG DAY]
Here goes! Mole Town...
Smoke Star!
They're all yours, Chopper!
That brat. He jumped!
[yells]
Mole Town Cleanup... Hitter!
What are you doing?! It's me!
Don't swing that bat!
[MISS GROUNDHOG DAY screaming]
Huh...?
Special Attack!
Usoccho...
...Hammer Shooting Star!
[DOG]
Huh?
[BOTH scream]
So even you think
my papa's guilty?
[KOZA] Get outta here.
You're gonna stir up trouble.
[VIVI]
Wait. You don't have to fight.
I swear! I'll prove
he's innocent.
[KOZA]
Vivi.
That looked bad.
Did they hit you?
I'm gonna go into that
palace, find Cobra,
and demand to his face
that he surrender!
That's nuts! The palace is
surrounded by their main forces.
You'll never make inside.
Going in alone is just
a suicide mission!
Yeah, but it's already
too late for anything else.
[REBEL B]
Wait! Koza!
Stop there! You've all been
ordered to evacuate the city!
You must leave here at once!
[GUARD B]
Lady, are you even listening?
[GUARD C]
Vivi?
It's the princess!
I need you to take me
to Chaka, now.
I have something for him to do.
Ram 'em and push 'em back!
[REBELS yell]
[CAPTAIN]
Engage the enemy!
[ALL yelling]
Push forward!
[BON CLAY laughs]
[BON CLAY]
Of everyone I've ever met,
you're the very
definition of "all talk."
Ha!
[SANJI]
You damn cross-dressing freak.
I wouldn't get too... cocky!
[SANJI] For a guy, he comes
across pretty cute.
[BON CLAY]
It's getting hot out here.
I'd really like to cool off.
Maybe if I just take off
some of these clothes...
I'll help!
[BON CLAY]
Cross-dresser Chop!
[SANJI]
Ow. My eye!
Okay.
Let's finish this. Now.
[laughing]
Yeah. Cross-dresser Kenpo.
Memoir of That Summer Day!
Not more of this.
[SANJI]
Joue... Shoot!
Buddy, I've figured you out.
Yeah, how?
You're only the cross-dresser
when you attack,
which can only mean one thing.
You can't use your kenpo
when you look like Nami.
What?! I can't hear you!
But your caption
said I hit the mark.
So what?! Shut up!
[BON CLAY]
Time for something new!
Cross-dresser Kenpo Prima! Un!
Deux! Doryaa!
[growling]
[BON CLAY gasps]
[SANJI]
Longe! Tendre!
[growls]
[SANJI]
Queue! Cuisse! Jarret!
[growls]
[BON CLAY]
Swan Bombardier Arabesque!
[SANJI]
Veau Shot!
[BON CLAY screams]
[SANJI] I think I cracked
a couple of my bones again.
Protect Aulbarna
with your very lives!
[CHAKA] Crocodile is
trying to take over?
If you can hold
everyone's attention
for just a few seconds.
that's all I'll need.
I can handle the rest.
But whatever happens...
...you have to
destroy this palace.
Princess, you can't
be serious about this!
Are you out of your mind?
Vivi, we can't do
that, it would be--
What? It would be the
end of this kingdom?
No, you're wrong. Listen to me.
It's destruction would make
Alabasta a true kingdom
for the first time!
A kingdom for the people!
[gasps]
[COBRA] A kingdom is nothing
without its people.
Princess. As you wish.
I will do as you have commanded.
There!
Get those explosives placed
everywhere along the foundation!
No way. They're actually
going through with it?
[SOLDIER Q] This palace holds
4,000 years of history!
[CHAKA] I don't know what
to say about all of this.
Don't worry. You're fine.
I'm well aware that there was
no other choice for you
than to fight back
against the rebel army.
Chaka, I apologize for
leaving so suddenly.
But it's not over yet.
Even if we do stop the rebels,
as long as Crocodile is alive,
peace will never come
to this kingdom.
[CROCODILE]
How distressing.
[gasps]
[GUARDS gasping]
[CROCODILE] This is a dangerous
plan you're cooking up.
Especially since this place
will soon be my home.
[VIVI]
Crocodile.
[CROCODILE]
Hello there, Princess.
Papa!
Not you, sire!
Vivi, what are you doing here?
[MISS NEW YEAR'S EVE] So,
you ready to accept your fate?
Nah, you first!
Thunderbolt Tempo!
MISS NEW YEAR'S EVE screaming]
Sparkling Daisy!
Blow away.
You'll pay for that!
[MISS NEW YEAR'S EVE]
Sea Urchin...
...Stinger!
[screams]
[NAMI] Nothing you can do is
going to hurt me one bit!
Know why?
'Cause compared to the pain
that Vivi is going through...
...a broken leg or two or
three doesn't matter at all.
It means nothing!
Tornado Tempo!
Wait. Wait, wait!
[MISS NEW YEAR'S EVE screaming]
[VIVI]
Why?
Tell me, why are you here?
Where's Luffy?!
[CROCODILE]
Oh, he's dead.
Liar!
Luffy would never fall to
the likes of a slime like you!
[CROCODILE]
Is that what you think?
[SOLDIER R]
The door!
We have to force the door open!
[SOLDIERS yell]
[MISS ALL SUNDAY]
Diecisceis Fleurs.
--[SOLDIER R] What the--?!
--[SOLDIER Q] What are these?
Crocodile. Why are
you doing this?!
Keep those flapping
lips closed, idiot.
Cobra. There is one question
that I'm just dying to ask you.
Because it is, of course,
my ultimate goal here.
Now tell me,
where's the Pluton?
[MR. 1]
Spiral Hollow.
[yells]
[ZORO groans]
[ZORO]
I won't show him my back.
Now, Spar Break.
[crashing]
I hit you with enough
force to kill you.
Why are you still standing up?!
[ZORO]
I can hear it.
The breath of his steel.
Fine then.
If those moves didn't do the
job, then this one will.
I don't think one sword
will help you defend against
what I'm gonna deliver.
That's fine.
I won't need to.
[MR. 1] Then you're ready
to die. Perfect.
Single-Sword Style...
Lion Strike!
Atomic Spart!
[yells]
Thanks for a good fight.
[USOPP crying]
Ugh. Please tell me you're
not crying up there.
I can't help it.
That creepy mole hag
said Luffy been killed.
Do you think it's true?
You're not gonna believe
what she said, are you?
Of course I wouldn't! Come on!
Same with me! I don't believe
a single thing she said!
Then our job now is to
meet up with everyone
at the palace ASAP!
And save your snotty tears
until you don't hear the sounds
of this battle any more!
[NAMI]
Well, that was a pain.
[explosion]
[CROCODILE]
Where is the Pluton?
Tell me, how did you
hear of that name?
The Pluton? What is that?
A secret passed down
through the bloodline.
Ha.
With it, I can build
the greatest military
state ever known.
One so enormous and powerful
that it will surpass
even the World Government.
[COBRA] I don't know why
you know the name Pluton,
but not even I know where it is.
It's not even clear
if it truly exist,
or if it's just
some ancient myth.
I see.
Incidentally, your royal army is
waiting in the town square...
...where a very powerful bomb
is set to go off in 15 minutes.
Have you lost your mind?!
Everything within a five
kilometer diameter
will be leveled, changing
this entire landscape.
But if you do that--!
Oh, please. I thought
you'd be happy!
With both armies' dead, this
revolt will come to an end.
What did they ever do to you?!
Tell me, you monster!
[CHAKA]
Vivi!
How can you be so evil?!
Let's change the subject.
So tell me,
where is the Poneglyph
that's been passed down
by the royal family?
[COBRA] Very well. I will
tell you where it is.
No. I will show you to the
mortuary temple myself.
[laughs]
What a virtuous ruler!
Nico Robin, why don't
you accompany him?
[MISS ALL SUNDAY]
Why not?
[COBRA yells]
Papa!
[CROCODILE]
Whoops.
And who said you
could tag along?
Get your hands off Vivi!
A Zoan type...
[CHAKA] The Dog-Dog Fruit,
Model Jackal!
Howling Fangs!
Chaka?
So you'd die for
others as well?
[CHAKA]
What?
Koza.
Vivi, are my eyes
playing tricks on me?
I don't need the rebel
leader loafing around
and criticizing me!
Koza! Are you all right?!
I came here to try talking
the royal army into a truce,
but after what I've seen...
You did this.
[CROCODILE laughs]
That's right.
[screams]
Zoro! Zoro! Wake up,
would ya?! Come on.
The sounds are getting more
intense! Let's move faster!
[CROCODILE laughs]
[CROCODILE] The king's gone,
the rebel leader's gone.
This is now a fight to the death
between lizards with their
heads chopped off!
[REBELS yelling]
Where'd this sandstorm
come from?!
[REBEL E]
I can't see!
[gunshots]
Move on! Don't falter!
[SOLDIER S] What's with
this sand cyclone?!
[CAPTAIN]
Do not break formation!
Engage the enemy!
[VIVI]
I will not give up.
I'll stop the bomb.
And at the very least, I can
reduce the number of casualties.
This'll stop it.
That'll stop it.
This'll save lives.
That'll save lives.
Your ideals are pathetic.
Just like the rest of you.
I don't care what
you think about me.
I won't abandon my ideals.
[CROCODILE] You're such
an undesireable woman.
And in the end,
you couldn't stop anything.
You only made more
victims out of those
who followed your ideals.
What a fool.
You'll never save this kingdom.
You're finished.
[CROCODILE laughs]
[LUFFY]
Vivi!
[gasps] Is that you?
Listen! Do not give up!
Luffy!
Just in time!
[VIVI]
Luffy. Pell.
It's like my voice doesn't
reach anyone anymore.
[LUFFY]
Don't worry.
We hear your voice,
loud and clear!
[NAMI]
Zoro! Up there! Look!
[ZORO]
Huh?
Luffy and Vivi are
alive! All right!
See! I knew it all along!
They had to be alive somewhere!
Well, you certainly weren't
acting like you knew!
[SANJI]
Hang on, Vivi, my sweet!
[NAMI]
Let's move it, Zoro!
[ZORO] I'm clearly more wounded
than you are, you know!
I can't walk!
[ZORO]
Liar...
[COBRA]
You can read Poneglyphs?
[MISS ALL SUNDAY]
Yes.
That's why Crocodile and I
teamed up in the first place.
It's also why he can't
kill me. I'm necessary.
I see.
[MISS ALL SUNDAY]
So Pluton is real.
Are there any more of these?
Or is this the only one
hidden in the kingdom?
Displeased?
Because I've kept my side--
[MISS ALL SUNDAY]
What I seek isn't here either!
[CROCODILE]
Is that it, Robin?
[MISS ALL SUNDAY]
That was quick.
[CROCODILE]
Have you deciphered it?
[MISS ALL SUNDAY]
Yes.
Then tell me where
the Pluton is.
[MISS ALL SUNDAY]
That's not written here.
It's not?
On this, the only thing
written is history.
The word Pluton doesn't even
appear on here one time.
[CROCODILE]
I see. That's too bad.
You've been an
excellent partner...
...but I believe it's
time to kill you now.
[LUFFY] I'm gonna put
an end to all this.
[VIVI]
Right.
[CHOPPER]
Vivi!
Vivi, my sweetness!
You're not hurt, are you?!
[NAMI]
Vivi!
Looks like we all made it!
You're all alive, too.
Hey, kid. You all right?
[PELL] Down there is
the mortuary temple.
All right! I'm coming for you!
Crocodile!
[USOPP] We got five minutes
to find the cannoneer?
All this sand. Crocodile may
have created this as a shield.
Then that means the bomb
should be somewhere nearby
if this square is indeed
the intended target.
Huh. I bet he's
somewhere up high.
How do you know?
[USOPP] Because no one
leaves bombs like that
just lying around.
Plus, to nail this kinda target,
you wouldn't launch it or
plant it, you'd drop it.
You're amazing, Usopp!
Just call it a highly
educated guess.
[SANJI]
Well, now that we know that.
--[ZORO] Let's hurry!
--[CHOPPER, NAMI] Yeah! Right!
[USOPP]
Actually, it's less of a guess
and more like the talent of
a natural born genius. Heh.
[CROCODILE]
Water, huh?
Which is useless if
it doesn't touch me.
Now, I do forgive you for
everything, Nico Robin.
And you should know...
...I haven't trusted
anyone from the start.
Cobra's reaction proved to me
that Pluton actually exists.
I'll find it on my own.
Once this kingdom
is under my rule,
it will only be a
matter of time.
[rumbling]
It's too early for the bomb
to be going off. Did you...?
When this temple was built,
it was designed to collapse
with the pull of a single
block of stone.
As the 12th generation king
of the Nefeltari family,
I would never let someone
like you have this.
So now you're trying to
bury me alive with you?
You're a model king, Cobra.
But you cannot kill me.
I can change this whole place
into sand and escape.
[CROCODILE laughs]
[CROCODILE]
I hope dying for nothing
will be worth it for you!
I've got you, Croc.
How did...? How did you
escape from that quicksand?
Why are you alive?
And what makes you think
you can stand up to me now?
Answer me, Straw Hat!
Because you still
haven't given back...
...what you've
stolen from them!
What I've stolen?
Money? Reputation?
Trust? Life? Rain?
The kingdom!
No way!
[LUFFY yells]
But how? How did you...?
[LUFFY] When you stabbed
me in the desert,
the Yuba water that touched your
arm showed me something neat.
You can't transform into
sand if you touch water,
so blood should do the same.
[CROCODILE laughs]
Very well. You've resolved
to challenge me.
So I'll reward you,
since you've seen hell before.
As a pirate.
What's that?
[CROCODILE]
A poison stinger.
I see.
A duel between pirates can
truly never be anything more
than a battle for survival.
The word "unfair"
is meaningless to us.
This is the end.
So let's finish it once...
...and for all!
[ZORO]
What do you think you're doing?!
I'm trying to get in
Crocodile's frame of mind!
Just look for the bomb!
[NAMI]
Chopper!
You think you can find this
thing with your nose?
I don't think so!
This whole city smells
like gunpowder to me!
[NAMI] Then what about
smelling the guy
trying to bomb the town square?
[CHOPPER]
What does that smell like?!
[SANJI]
It's a huge bomb,
and a cannon wouldn't be
able to shoot it very far.
No. Time's almost up.
[gasps]
[USOPP] Vivi! Have you
found something?
I can't believe I didn't
realize it before now.
It's hidden from view and has
plenty of space for a bomb.
I used to play up there
when I was only a child.
Come on! We have
to hurry, Vivi!
[NAMI]
Vivi! Usopp! You find it?
[USOPP]
No, not yet.
[VIVI]
I just told you I found it!
Oh, great then!
I'll tell the others!
Huh?
So where is it?
In the tower.
[CHOPPER, USOPP]
Huh?!
[NAMI] We can't get up
there in one minute!
[SANJI]
Nami!
Vivi, up here! Hey!
Did you guys have any luck
finding the cannoneer?!
[USOPP] What are you doing
all the way up there?!
[SANJI] Ha. Thanks to
my detective skills--
Usopp! We gotta move!
There's no time!
Oh, I almost forgot!
We won't make it in time
using any normal means.
[VIVI]
If only Pell was here.
[USOPP]
The clock tower!
The cannoneer's in the
clock tower above you!
Jump up and grab him, guys!
[SANJI, ZORO]
Oh, yeah! Right!
[USOPP] Use your legs
or swords or something!
That's it!
[USOPP]
Huh?
[MR. 7, MISS FRIDAY laughing]
Mr. 7, that prey we just
bagged was enormous!
You can say that again.
[laughs]
But I think this next
one will be even better!
You can say that again!
[laughs]
Dropping a bomb this massive
right into the middle
of such a big crowd,
how pleasing to the senses!
[laughs]
[LUFFY yells]
[yells]
[laughs]
Gum-Gum...
[yells]
[CROCODILE]
Huh?
[yells]
[LUFFY yells]
[laughs]
[CROCODILE] Soon, the poison
will spread from your shoulder
and I win!
[LUFFY]
I don't think so.
You don't get this at all,
do you, Crocodile?
[gasps]
[CROCODILE]
What exactly do I not get?
[yells]
[growls]
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum...
...Gatling!
Don't you know that
your death is at hand?
The poison in your wound
is ravaging your body
from the inside.
[CROCODILE laughs]
That's it.
What?!
[CROCODILE] Why? Why would
you go this far?!
This isn't your kingdom.
So tell me, what's the point
in dying for something
that's not even yours?!
You're fools, every last
stinking one of you!
[LUFFY] Vivi told us not
to sacrifice ourselves.
But still, she's the one
putting her life on the line
to save all the people
of this kingdom.
If I let you go, she dies.
I'm sorry. She's already dead.
[LUFFY]
Don't be stupid!
Vivi is alive. I refuse
to allow her to die.
And you know why?
Because...
...she's my friend!
And that's why, as long
as she doesn't give up,
there's no way I'm
throwing in the towel.
Even if all of you end up dead?
When we die, we die toget...
[laughs]
[CROCODILE] You can talk the
biggest talk in the world,
but the fact is,
your body cannot hear
your cries any longer.
And it's quite
amusing to watch.
And however you feel
about you're pathetic friends...
However hard you work to
try and stop my plans...
Everything rests on whether
or not you can beat me.
Ribbit. It's almost time, Mr. 7.
[MR. 7] Time to light
our little fuse! Oh-ho!
Ribbit. Ribbit. Ignite!
[BOTH laughing]
Hold up. What in the world
are we doing, Nami?!
Shut up. Just stand quietly!
I'm trying to calculate!
Stand quietly?! What I'm doing
doesn't even make any sense!
Trust me on this! Here goes!
We have typhoon weather!
Cyclone Tempo!
[USOPP]
Whoa, wait, Nami!
I thought you said the Cyclone
Tempo was just a parlor trick.
[USOPP squeals]
[NAMI] Go for the clock
tower, and, Chopper,
jump onto Sanji
when you see him!
Huh?!
Hold on, don't tell me our
plan is to just keep jumping
to the top of the tower!
Sanji! You do know
what to do, right?!
I can usually get the gist
of what she's saying,
but I'm not sure this time.
Here goes nothing!
Well, I guess we're doing this.
Tony, you ready?
Yeah. Just hold on tight!
[USOPP yells]
I got it.
[CHOPPER]
Sanji!
[SANJI]
Get on my right foot!
They're all yours, Zoro!
[NAMI]
Yes! It's working!
[CHOPPER]
Zoro!
[ZORO]
Leave it to me!
[CHOPPER]
Not the swords!
Calm down. I'm usin'
the back of my blades!
Now step on!
[CHOPPER]
Got it!
[ZORO]
Here goes!
[CHOPPER]
Right!
[ZORO]
Yes!
[MISS FRIDAY gasps]
[CHOPPER]
Your turn, Vivi!
[VIVI]
As hard as you can!
[NAMI, USOPP]
Go!
[VIVI]
Peacock String!
[BOTH gasp]
[VIVI]
Slasher!
Ha-ha! Too bad!
You missed!
Run back.
[NAMI, SANJI, USOPP]
Yes!
Sorry.
[CROCODILE laughing]
This is it!
Uh. Did it work?
[ZORO]
Get the hell off of me!
What's goin' on?
There's no sign
of Vivi up there.
[CHOPPER]
Huh?
[ticking]
It can't be!
You despicable vermin!
[CROCODILE]
Oh?
I was hoping that you would
see me as thorough, Mr. Cobra.
Every plan has
a margin for error,
so we have a two minute delay.
Isn't that smart?
[VIVI]
No. This is a time bomb!
It'll explode
unless we stop it!
Huh?
[NAMI gasps]
[USOPP wheezes]
[STRAW HATS]
What?!
[SANJI]
Was stopping this explosion
impossible from the very start?
[VIVI] How far will you go to
make fools of all these people?
[CROCODILE]
You'll never save this kingdom.
You're finished.
How many lives have to be
ruined before you're happy?!
No matter what... you won't win.
[LUFFY]
I won't let you!
You hear me?!
That's the best you can
come up with right now?
I suppose it's the perfect bluff
for someone who's
about to drop dead.
But it means nothing.
I am the man who's going
to be King of the Pirates!
I'm repeating myself, but...
...there are thousands of other
ambitious rookies like you
wandering through these seas.
The more you learn about
the level of these seas,
the quicker you'll stop
having these delusions!
[LUFFY yells]
[LUFFY]
Don't you get it?
You can't beat me. Give it up!
[PELL]
This stirs up old memories.
Secret base of
the Sand-Sand clan.
[VIVI]
Pell!
It's a time bomb, and it could
explode at any moment!
I don't know what to do.
I... can't...
[PELL]
Vivi.
I am incredibly proud to have
served the Nefeltari family.
I mean this from the
bottom of my heart.
[gasps]
[VIVI]
Pell!
[PELL] I am the guardian
deity of Alabasta!
[PELL]
A falcon!
The one who shall destroy...
[PELL] ...the enemy
of the royal family!
[VIVI]
Pell, got a question.
[PELL]
Yes?
[VIVI]
Why do you always practice
your fighting every day?
[PELL]
Because I am a guard.
I wouldn't be very good
at protecting this kingdom
if I wasn't strong
enough to fight.
[VIVI] Yeah, but do you even
know who you're gonna fight?
[PELL]
No, I don't.
But it's less about fighting
and more about protecting.
[VIVI]
And those things are different?
[PELL]
Well, they have different goals.
[VIVI]
Oh. That's weird.
[ZORO]
I can't believe it.
[NAMI]
He protected the kingdom.
[USOPP coughs]
What?! No way!
[LUFFY yells]
[yells]
[LUFFY yelling]
Why won't they stop?
[VIVI]
Stop it, please!
You have to stop fighting!
Please! Stop it! Stop fighting!
Please stop! Please
stop the fighting!
You have to listen!
Please stop fighting now!
Vivi.
[VIVI]
Please stop the fighting!
Stop the fighting!
Please stop! Stop the fighting!
Come on! What are you idiots
just standing around for?
Get out there and do something!
You have to stop this!
[CROCODILE] The scorpion
venom must be working now.
[CROCODILE] So where is this
brat drawing his stamina from?
[CROCODILE growls]
You're such a pest! Do you
have any idea who I am?!
I don't even care who you are.
I... will... win!
[CROCODILE]
Damn you!
Sables... Pesado!
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum...
[CROCODILE]
Desert...
...Storm!
...La Spada!
[yells]
Wha--?!
[LUFFY yelling]
[yelling continues]
[SOLDIER AA screams]
Guys! Look!
[gasps]
[STRAW HATS]
Crocodile!
[gasps]
Oh, no. Luffy.
[COBRA]
Hey! Boy!
[VIVI] There aren't
even any enemies left.
Are you all right, boy? Speak.
What's this?
[VIVI] Please don't
shed any more blood!
I'm begging you.
Stop the fighting!
The rain...
It's raining.
[VIVI] This rain will fall again
throughout the kingdom
as it once did so long ago.
It's Vivi's voice.
It reached them!
[SOLDIER DD]
Princess Vivi.
Vivi's up there.
It is her.
This nightmare...
is finally over.
[COBRA]
I want to thank you.
'Kay.
[laughing]
The war is over!
Lay down your weapons!
[SOLDIER FF]
Chaka!
[REBEL S]
Koza!
This war was fixed from
the very moment it began.
And it's all been
Crocodile's doing!
[VIVI]
Where are you? Where'd you go?
What?
[ZORO]
There he is.
Who are you?
Oh, I guess I should thank you
for carrying that fella
around on your back.
He's one of ours. We'll
take him off your hands.
[VIVI]
There they are! And Papa!
--[CHOPPER] It's Vivi!
--[COBRA] Vivi!
[COBRA] I see. So you
helped my daughter.
While he was busy saving me,
even after fighting Crocodile,
I saw him leap above ground
while easily
carrying two people.
His strength is unmatched.
We should tend to
his wounds quickly.
But first, Vivi should
get to the town square.
Yeah. In a kingdom
where rebellion is ceased,
the people need the words
of a king or princess
to feel closure.
[gasps] Great.
But will you join me?
Ah, you know the score.
We're a notorious
band of thieves!
We can't get involved in
a kingdom's business!
I'm starving, guys.
Let's head over to the
palace. I'm exhausted.
[VIVI]
Yeah. Sounds good!
[COBRA] Remember, it's normal
in these situations
to feel regret and
unbearable emotions.
For we've lost so much
and gained nothing.
My king.
[COBRA]
But this is a step forward.
It matters not who
was being fought.
It only matters that fighting
happened, and is finally over.
No one can ever
erase those things
that happened in the past!
Rise up from this war and
live on in glorious light!
Kingdom of Alabasta!
[TOTO]
Look there, Koza. It's raining!
After three years... and all
that we've been through...
...things are as
right as rain.
[VILLAGERS chattering]
[USOPP farts]
Oh, Vivi, you're awake.
[VIVI]
Papa.
Can you not sleep?
I just didn't want to.
I felt... like
watching the rain.
[VIVI] The newly liberated rain
poured down on the kingdom
for three straight days
without stopping.
It was a most glorious sight.
[stomach growls]
Good morning, guys.
Luffy!
Huh?
[VIVI, CHOPPER laugh]
[LUFFY] Huh? Hey,
my hat. Where's my hat?
[CHOPPER] You went to do
more training didn't you?
[ZORO]
I can do whatever I want.
[CHOPPER]
Listen, I'm the ship's doctor
and I say don't undo
your bandages until...
[VIVI] I'm so glad your
feeling better, Luffy.
My hat!
Oh, thank goodness!
Long time no see, Vivi!
[LUFFY]
I feel weird.
Yeah, I guess sleepin'
for three day's straight
could make you feel
a little off, huh...
Three whole days!
That's 15 different meals
I missed while I was sleeping!
[NAMI] You can do math in
your head Luffy, who knew?
Plus, wouldn't that be
like five meals a day?!
If you'd like to eat,
I've asked to have food
ready whenever you want.
[NAMI]
Gross!
Hey!
Luffy! Keep your filthy
hands off my plate!
--Easy.
--There's plenty to go around!
[ALL gasp]
Who are you?! Wapol?!
[LUFFY burps]
Hey, everyone listen!
[USOPP]
You're eating Chopper!
A... fleet of Marine
vessels is headed this way.
[LUFFY]
Tonight?
There's no reason for
us to stick around.
Our captain is finally awake..
And the Marines are
headed this way.
Well, what do you say we do?
[LUFFY]
Let's go.
Right after we have
more Alabasta food!
[OTHERS]
We're leaving now, you idiot!
[LUFFY]
Ow! Ow! Hey! Uh!
Listen, everyone.
[STRAW HATS]
Huh?
[NAMI]
What is it?
[VIVI] I just...
I don't know what to do.
You could join us.
Absolutely! You have to!
[NAMI]
Listen, Vivi, tomorrow at noon,
we'll swing the ship 'round
the eastern port one time only.
If you decide you wanna
travel with us, then be there,
and we'll pick you up.
[SANJI] You're the
princess of a kingdom,
so this is the best invitation
we have to offer.
Well, Karoo, what
do you wanna do?
Because I...
[MISS ALL SUNDAY]
I've been saved twice now
by people with the letter
"D" in their names.
Monkey D. Luffy and...
Right! Let's go!
I don't have any reason
to go on living anymore!
Just leave me, would you?!
You know, there's no
reason in the world
I would have to listen to you.
[MISS ALL SUNDAY]
...Jaguar D. Saul.
[SAUL]
One of these days,
you're going to
meet some friends.
There's no such thing
as being born
and staying absolutely alone.
It will never happen!
There are too many enemies
keeping me from my dream.
[SAUL]
Go. Go. Go!
And meet the friends
who are waiting for you
out there on the seas, Robin!
[SERVANT] The town square
is really bustling now.
[VIVI]
It is?
[SERVANT] It was announced
that your speech
is going to begin at noon.
[TERRACOTTA] You were
supposed to entertain
this "Life Purpose Ceremony"
at the young age of 14.
The kingdom is so excited.
[VIVI sighs]
[COBRA]
I'm coming in, Vivi.
[VIVI]
Sit down, Papa.
I mean, Father.
I have something
important to tell you.
[PEOPLE shouting]
[MAN E]
Look! It's Princess Vivi!
[MAn F]
Vivi!
We've waited for you!
Princess Vivi!
[MAN G]
Finally you're all grown up!
[VIVI] I have had a
taste of adventure!
[COBRA] I hope this doesn't
turn the citizens unruly.
Koza! It's begun! Hurry!
It's loud enough that the
whole kingdom can hear it.
I'm fine.
[VIVI] It was a journey of
despair across dark seas.
One very sinister journey.
During a storm, I encountered
a single, small ship.
The ship pushed me
forward and said this:
Up ahead. Can you see
the light before you?
That ship, which never lost
its way in the darkness,
passed over enormous
waves as if dancing.
It never defied the sea, yet the
bow sailed straight and true,
always pointing forward.
"Look! Ahead there is a light!"
History will see this and it
will be called an illusion.
But for me, it can
only be truth.
[ZORO]
You hear that speech?
That's definitely Vivi's voice.
Vivi.
It only sounded
like Vivi's voice.
She's speaking at her ceremony,
which means she's
not coming with us.
Come on. It's past noon already.
She wants to come with us!
Let's go find her.
She woudn't stay behind!
[USOPP]
Not good!
The Marine fleet is
pulling into the bay!
You kidding?! Let's go!
Time to let it go,
Luffy. She's a princess.
What in the world
is going on here?!
[MAN G] Show your face,
you fake princess!
[MAN H] We wanna know
where the real Vivi is!
Right now, Vivi is, uh...
[VIVI]
Everyone!
Vivi! Ha! Yeah!
Karoo!
Hey, guys!
I told you!
--Vivi!
--I'll turn the ship around!
[LUFFY] Vivi. I knew
you'd come. I knew it.
[VIVI]
I came...
...to wish you a good journey!
No. Hold on, d'she say--?
[VIVI] I'm sorry,
but I cannot go with you.
[MAN I]
Who's she talking to?
[VIVI]
Thank you all so much
for everything
you've done for me!
I would love nothing more
than to go on more
adventures with all of you.
But I love this
kingdom too much!
[PEOPLE cheering]
[VIVI] So that's why
I can't go with you.
All right.
And I...
I've decided to spend
the rest of my life here.
But if we ever...
meet up again...
...I hope you will still
call me your friend.
You'll always be our fr--!
[NAMI]
You!
Shut up! The Marines
are too close to us!
If they find any proof that
Vivi's in cahoots with us,
she'll be considered a criminal.
And so, let's part
ways through silence.
[gasps]
[LUFFY] No matter what
happens from now on...
[LUFFY] ...these marks
on our left arms...
[KAROO squawking]
[laughing]
[KAROO quacks]
[LUFFY] These marks
are the truest symbols
of our friendship!
Set sail!
[CHILD]
What is that?
[VIVI]
Hm? This?
Oh, it's a symbol
of friendship.
[CHILD]
Friendship?
[VIVI]
Yes.
Something to remind me
of some very dear friends.
[VIVI] How are you doing
out there, everyone?
I know deep down in my
heart that you're all well.
When I'm feeling lost,
I often come here to think back
to that wonderful
time in my life.
I miss it so much.
But I miss all of you
more. So much more.
After all, we're friends.
Friends forever.
[KAROO squawks]